by_vars 
Method: I took the median ranking of teams over 10 years and assigned them a categorical variable of their ranking level (1-12 for high, 13-17 for mid, 18-30 for low). For each team, I took the proportion of each (total) situational strategy variable out of (total) runs, and obtained the median value by ranking level.
Observations: In general, out of the 4 variables, stolen bases make up the largest proportion of total runs over 10 years. Next is sacrifice hits (except for high ranking teams), then sacrifice flies, and finally sacrifice hits. For the first 3 strategies, regardless of ranking level, it seems like teams are utilizing them successfully in similar frequency (similar proportion of total runs among high, mid, and low). However, for sacrifice hits, high ranking teams utilize this strategy less to make up their total runs / score, which could mean they value it less to gain points than mid and low level teams. 

sh_network
Method: I computed the total sacrifice hits of each team over 10 years and then computed a distance matrix for these results. I joined two teams if the distance between their total sacrifice hits was within 28 of each other; otherwise there would be no edge between the two nodes. Then I colored the network by league. 
Observations: There are 7 clusters, with 2 of these clusters - 1 with national league teams and 1 with American league teams - being greater than the other 5. This tells me that within the same league, teams tend to execute relatively similar (within 28 of each other) sacrifice hits over the 10 years; between leagues, there is (almost) no overlap, meaning that the use of sacrifice hits are at different levels. With the exception of the cluster containing FLA (NL), HOU (AL), and LAA (AL), the other clusters also exhibit this behavior. In practice, NL teams have pitchers (who are terrible batters) hit and AL teams do not, meaning that NL teams are more likely to use sacrifice hits. Thus, within their respective leagues, teams use these hits in a similar fashion, but the implementation of this strategy is different between leagues. 